CDO-package             R Codes for CDO Pricing (iTraxx Europe Index
                        Series 8)
clayton                 CDO Pricing with Clayton Copula
frank                   CDO Pricing with the Frank Copula
gs                      CDO Pricing with the Gaussian copula
gs1                     CDO Pricing with the C_gs1 Model
gs2                     CDO Pricing with the C_gs2 Model
gs3                     CDO Pricing with the C_gs3 Model
gs4                     CDO Pricing with the C_gs4 Model
gs5                     CDO Pricing with the C_gs5 Model
gs6                     CDO Pricing with the C_gs6 Model
gumbel                  CDO Pricing with the Gumbel copula
joe                     CDO Pricing with the Joe copula
mcc                     CDO Pricing with the C_cc copula
mcg                     CDO Pricing with the C_cg copula
mcj                     CDO Pricing with the C_cj copula
mfc                     CDO Pricing with the C_fc copula
mff                     CDO Pricing with the C_ff copula
mfg                     CDO Pricing with the C_fg copula
mfj                     CDO Pricing with the C_fj copula
mgg                     CDO Pricing with the C_gg copula
mgj                     CDO Pricing with the C_gj copula
mgsc                    CDO Pricing with the C_gsc copula
mgsf                    CDO Pricing with the C_gsf copula
mgsg                    CDO Pricing with the C_gsg copula
mgsgs                   CDO Pricing with the C_gsgs copula
mgsj                    CDO Pricing with the C_gsj copula
mgst                    CDO Pricing with the C_gst copula
mjj                     CDO Pricing with the C_jj copula
mtc                     CDO Pricing with the C_tc copula
mtf                     CDO Pricing with the C_tf copula
mtg                     CDO Pricing with the C_tg copula
mtj                     CDO Pricing with the C_tg copula
mtt                     CDO Pricing with the C_tt copula
ng13                    CDO Pricing with the C_ng13 copula
ng14                    CDO Pricing with the C_ng14 copula
ng15                    CDO Pricing with the C_ng15 copula
ng16                    CDO Pricing with the C_ng15 copula
stut                    CDO Pricing with the C_t copula
t38                     CDO Pricing with the C_t38 copula
t39                     CDO Pricing with the C_t39 copula
t40                     CDO Pricing with the C_t40 copula
t41                     CDO Pricing with the C_t41 copula
t42                     CDO Pricing with the C_t42 copula
t43                     CDO Pricing with the C_t43 copula
